# 2021 xpresser Change Logs

**Last Year:** [2020 Change logs](./2020.md)

## January

### 5th

- Refactored `RouterEngine`
- Removed comments from built javascript files.
- Renamed and deprecated `http.store` to `http.state`.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.8.0**

### 6th

- Fixed `$.router.path()` middleware calling twice.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.9.0**

### 8th

- Enhanced `$.initializeTypescript()`
- Added new fix for `paths.view` config.
- Added new fix for `paths.jsonConfigs` config.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.9.1**

## March

### 1st

- Updated Typescript version to `4.2.2`
- `$.app` set to type optional.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.12.0**

## April

### 27th

- Updated outdated packages.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.15.0**

## May

### 31st
- Added `http.json` to RequestEngine.
- Updated outdated packages.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.16.0**


## June

### 10th
- Removed `$()` in job helpers, provided directed access to `$` instead.
- Updated outdated packages.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.16.1**

### 15th
- Added `http.addToBoot` to RequestEngine.
- Updated outdated packages.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.16.2**
<br><br>
- Updated `http.addToBoot` to return `http` i.e `this`.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.16.3**


### 17th
- Skip error for bad bodyParser JSON.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.16.5**

### 19th
- Added: Production error page.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.18.0**

<br><br>
- Updated outdated packages.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.18.1**

## Untold Dates.
Due to fast growth and updates, We have not been able to update this changelog during this period. **(June - November)**

## December

### 3rd
- Added `$.extendedRequestEngine()` to provide easy typed RequestEngine helper.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.25.0**

<br><br>

- Added support for returning of Extended RequestEngine class directly instead of a function that returns it.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.25.1**

<br><br>

- Replaced `local-pkg` with `has-pkg` due to `local-pkg` minimum node version requirement is higher than xpresser's minimum node version requirement.
- Bump **xpresser** version number to **0.25.2**